README.md, before:


# Resources For NodeJS

Hello Idiots!!!, I am Very Happy that You have shown interest on the NodeJS, 
here are the Tips and Tricks as well as Resources to Learn NodeJS.


- author: [sewakgautam](https://www.github.com/sewakgautam)



## Youtube Channels

 - [Free Code Camp](https://www.youtube.com/c/Freecodecamp)
 - [Programming With Mosh](https://www.youtube.com/c/programmingwithmosh)
 - [Code With Harry](https://www.youtube.com/c/CodeWithHarry)



## Before You Start

Node means not directly jumping on the Ocean of Backend and Start to code the backend of the facebook. Backend is not any rocket science, it's the way how you process your brain and code logical solutions.<br /> You Must Have basic Concept on Node, some of them are listed down ⏬🔽
 
[![Warning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Caution-You_must_have_basic_knowledge_of_JavaScript-red)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)

- Node Modules
- Global Objects
- Modules
- Creating Modules
- Loding a Modules
- Modules Wrapper Function
- Path Modules
- OS Modules
- File System Modules
- Events Modules
- Events Arguments
- Extending EventEmitter
- HTTP Module

## :open_book: If you were a Book reader

Click Below image to download Book  ⏬🔽 <br />
[![Book Image](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/412lrkyvliL._SX379_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)](https://usa1lib.org/book/2736891/90d6c2)

## Support

For support, email hi@sewakgautam.com.np or Connect on Linkedin [sewakgautam](https://www.linkedin/in/sewakgtm).

Commit message:

update book content on readme

README.md, after:


# Resources For NodeJS

Hello Idiots!!!, I am Very Happy that You have shown interest on the NodeJS, 
here are the Tips and Tricks as well as Resources to Learn NodeJS.


- author: [sewakgautam](https://www.github.com/sewakgautam)



## Youtube Channels

 - [Free Code Camp](https://www.youtube.com/c/Freecodecamp)
 - [Programming With Mosh](https://www.youtube.com/c/programmingwithmosh)
 - [Code With Harry](https://www.youtube.com/c/CodeWithHarry)



## Before You Start

Node means not directly jumping on the Ocean of Backend and Start to code the backend of the facebook. Backend is not any rocket science, it's the way how you process your brain and code logical solutions.<br /> You Must Have basic Concept on Node, some of them are listed down ⏬🔽
 
[![Warning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Caution-You_must_have_basic_knowledge_of_JavaScript-red)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)

- Node Modules
- Global Objects
- Modules
- Creating Modules
- Loding a Modules
- Modules Wrapper Function
- Path Modules
- OS Modules
- File System Modules
- Events Modules
- Events Arguments
- Extending EventEmitter
- HTTP Module

## :open_book: If you were a Book reader

Click Below image to download Book  ⏬🔽 <br />
[![Book Image](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/412lrkyvliL._SX379_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)](https://usa1lib.org/book/2736891/90d6c2)

### Above Book Contains
 - Chapter 1 covers the Node Environment

 - Chapter 2 covers Node Building Blocks including Global Objects, Events and Node’s Asynchronous Nature

 - Chapter 3 covers the basics of Node Modules and Node Package Manager (npm)

 - Chapter 4 talks about Interactive Node with REPL and More on the Console

 - Chapter 5 talks about Node and the Web

 - Chapter 6 talks about Node and the Local System

 - Chapter 7 covers Networking, Sockets, and Security

 - Chapter 8 covers Child Processes

 - Chapter 9 covers Node and ES6

 - Chapter 10 talks about Full-Stack Node Development

 - Chapter 11 covers Node in Development and Production

 - Chapter 12 talks about Node in new environments

## Website for NodeJS
if you dont wanna read Book here is the Cool Website<br /> Click here  
[NodeJS Docs](https://nodejs.dev/learn)

## Support

For support, email hi@sewakgautam.com.np or Connect on Linkedin [sewakgautam](https://www.linkedin/in/sewakgtm).
